Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
VETRIX: Good.
We can start the ritual now.
Finally the moment has come.
I will drain Hart's power
from him and make it mine!
My plan for revenge can at
long last be fulfilled!
With my new power, Dr.
Faker will have no chance!
KITE: Are you the ones
who took my brother?
Where is he?
QUATTRO: If you want to save the
kid, you don't have any choice!
You'll have to
get past us first.
Astral: This will be...
...a tag team duel!
TOGETHER: Let's do this!
Be afraid, quattro!
Come Forth,
galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Attack Giant grinder!
Kite Fell for it!
TREY: I activate the trap
stonehenge shield!
If you attack with a monster
with 3000 or more attack points,
this card not only deflects your
attack, but your
monster's attack points
Get zapped down to zero!
And it loses all of
its special abilities!
They set him up.
Go infinity Cannon!
Now say goodbye to your
Dragon's attack points.
And get ready... to say
good-bye to your life points!
YUMA: Kite! No!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
This is the end of
the line for you, Kite!
I play the trap
courageous heart!
By giving up half my
life points, I'll stop
machu mech's special ability
this turn and save Kite!
Save me?
TORI: Oh no!
The sooner we get rid of
that kid the better.
Yuma's completely unselfish.
Astral.
Are you okay?
It is nothing.
Focus on winning the
duel, and saving Hart.
Why did you save me?
It's like I said,
I'm keeping the promise
I made to your brother!
Rescuing Hart is my job.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Hey!
It wouldn't hurt to say
thank you once in awhile!
Orbital 7: Please
cut him some Slack.
He's super-Stressed
about his brother.
Hart: Kite!
Kite, where are you?
Here you go.
Thanks, Kite.
That's the most amazing
butterfly you've ever caught!
Yes, I've tapped
into Hart's memories.
It looks more like a jewel
than a bug, doesn't it?
Hey Kite, since you caught
this butterfly for me,
is it okay if I free it?
But why?
It's just that this
butterfly was made to be free.
And I don't think it could
ever be happy locked in a cage.
That is logical.
You're right, Hart.
Let it go.
Thank you, Hart. Soon all
your memories will be mine.
Hart!
Come on!
Make your move already!
Why the rush?
It's not like Hart's
in too much danger.
Quit stalling, quattro!
Don't push them too far.
Too far, Trey?
If you're too soft for this job,
then maybe you should leave.
Quattro...
well?
You dueling or not?
Let's continue!
I activate the spell,
chronomaly pyramid eye tablet!
With this card's effect, I can
increase the attack points of
all my chronomaly
monsters by 800!
And now I'll use machu
mech's special ability!
Since Its attack points changed,
I can use one overlay unit to
deal 800 points of damage!
Get set, machu mech!
Go Infinity Cannon!
Excellent work, Trey!
Now target Kite!
Attack!
Go, machu mech!
Destroy galaxy-eyes!
Torch him with meteor meltdown!
With your photon Dragon's attack
points already down to zero,
your life points are history!
It's over, Kite!
So long!
Watch out!
I activate battle simulation!
With this trap, our monsters
lose half their attack points
and can't be
destroyed in battle.
Your monster might be safe,
but your life points aren't.
Impact alert!
Kite!
Are you okay?
Yes.
You're hurt.
I'm fine.
I can still duel, and beat them!
Oh, please, it's hopeless.
You can't save your brother, but
there's still time to chicken
out, and save yourself!
That does it.
Wait Kite,
just cool off!
My brother's in danger.
You don't know me or
what I'm going through!
You're wrong!
I do know!
And here's why!
I know you because I
dueled against you before.
And Kite, I know
you're a great duelist!
I saw then how brave
and skilled you are.
But I could also see
you have a great spirit.
We can save Hart,
by dueling as a team!
Not for revenge,
but as friends
who won't give up!
We just have to believe that
we can high-Five the sky!
Together, we'll feel
the flow and win!
It is your turn, yuma.
This draw is crucial.
Make it count, my friend!
You got it, astral!
I draw!
Perfect!
I now activate
the spell monster reborn!
Now I can bring back utopia!
We didn't plan
for this, quattro.
It's time to take this
duel to the next level!
Let's show them how, utopia!
Go Chaos xyz evolution!
Make way for chaos
number 39: Utopia ray!
No way!
What's a chaos number?
Quinton: That boy
Can change his number.
Interesting.
Who is this yuma tsukumo?
Could it be...
you... are going down!
Where'd a twerp like yuma
learn how to do that?
I activate utopia ray's
special ability!
By Using One overlay unit,
it gets a 500
attack Point power-up!
Go Overlay charge!
Yuma, machu mech does not have
any overlay units left to use.
But giant grinder has one
overlay Unit and can still use
its special ability.
If so, we will
lose the battle.
Let us attack, right away.
Okay!
And Since utopia ray's special
ability also gives it the power
to erase a thousand attack
points from another monster,
we can weaken giant grinder!
Utopia Ray, attack!
Go Rising sun chaos slash!
Quattro Should be
out of life points.
With this last attack...
we knocked him out of the duel!
Alright!
You did it!
Sorry, but I survived thanks
to my gimmick box trap card!
Say what?
Not only don't I take any
damage, but gimmick box
transforms into a monster whose
attack points are equal to
the damage I would've taken!
I thought for sure we could
beat him with Utopia ray!
He seems to be prepared
for every move we make.
Well maybe this facedown will
make things more difficult!
Your utopia ray's attack
points are returning to normal.
No monster of yours will
ever be a threat to me.
I'm too good,
and now I'm going to prove it.
I draw!
I play the spell
card junk puppet!
With This I can summon a gimmick
puppet from my graveyard if it
has 1000 attack points or less.
Gimmick puppet dreary doll,
welcome back to the duel!
Now I can overlay my level 8
gimmick box and dreary doll in
order to build the
overlay network.
I xyz summon,
number 40: Gimmick
puppet of strings!
Yuma!
Oh great!
How are we gonna beat a number
with 3000 attack points?
Obviously, the answer
is that you can't.
First up,
I think I'll unleash
number 40's fury on Kite!
Do it, puppet of strings!
Cut galaxy-Eyes down to size!
Celestial slash!
Kite's life points
will be wiped out!
Hart...
I failed you!
It's been nice
dueling you, loser!
I play trap reborn!
Using This card, I sacrifice
half my life points.
And now by banishing a trap
in one of your graveyards,
my card gains it's effect!
I choose Kite's
battle simulation!
Now Both Monsters lose half
their attack points, and neither
monster is destroyed in battle.
That means Kite's
still in this duel.
That may be, but Kite
still loses life points!
He's almost out of points!
Yuma!
That attack was perfect
till you botched it up!
This was supposed to
be my moment of glory!
You're making me look bad, kid!
It takes so much courage
to keep giving up
your life points like yuma has.
You're having a lot of fun
making a pest of yourself, yuma.
But I'm about to become
a pest exterminator!
I activate puppet of
strings special ability!
Prepare to face the music!
By Using One overlay Unit,
puppet of strings
plays a melody of mayhem.
At the end of your next turn,
all monsters on the field are
destroyed, and each duelist
Takes damage equal to
the attack points of the
monsters that they controlled!
What's the plan?
The plan is for you to lose.
Your fate is sealed!
Both you and Kite are
facing utter destruction.
All hope for Hart is truly lost.
I'm pulling all the strings now!
There's no way you
can save yourselves!
So?
Are you two going to give up?
They must both be
defeated during this
next turn, or we will lose.
Everything depends on Kite.
He must duel.
But how?
He's too weak.
What's wrong Kite?
Lost the will to fight?
If you don't get up, then Trey
and I will be the winners.
Please Kite...
get up!
Come on!
You can't let quattro win!
Think of what'll happen
to your brother.
Oh no!
Hart!
Hart needs me!
Kite, Please help me!
Help me, Kite!
No!
Come back!
Hart...
Mr. Heartland: Hello, Kite.
I assume you'd like to
see your brother again.
That will only be
possible if you show us
you're a team player.
You will help dr.
Faker, won't you?
Let Hart go now!
Kite, Please help me!
Help me, Kite!
Don't worry, Hart.
I'll get you out of here
no matter what it takes.
Just hang on, Hart!
I will save you!
I'll take the memories
of both brothers.
They will prove useful to me.
No, vetrix!
Those memories belong to us.
I won't let you take them.
Hart!
How did you get here?
This is worrisome.
The energy matrix
is destabilizing.
Vetrix are you alright?
My brother has always taken care
of me, no matter what the cost.
He's been my protector.
This time, I'm going
to protect him!
Here, Kite!
You can use my power!
Huh?
What's this?
Master Kite!
He's up?
What happened to Kite?
Could Hart do this?
I don't understand.
The matrix was created
from Hart's energy.
Where did it go?
Thanks, Hart.
I know the strength
I feel came from you.
It appears the energy source
that transformed Kite will also
give new Power to his deck.
Where'd it come from?
It was created from
the bond between
Hart and his brother Kite.
Lookin' good, master Kite!
Look out, quattro!
Here I go!
Galaxy-Eyes doesn't
have any attack points.
And you've got
a measly 100 life points!
How can you hurt me?
You're as harmless as a fly!
I'm strong enough
to out-Duel you!
I've got my brother's strength.
That's all I need!
I'm gonna start my
turn with a spell card.
Overlay regen!
Now each xyz monster on the
field gains an overlay unit!
Listen Astral,
I'll need your help.
So let's try to
work together.
It's the only way
to beat those two.
Yuma!
What if we give a card
to Kite to help him out?
Awesome!
In fact, let's
give him two!
Kite, hope these Can help!
I tribute utopia
ray and damage mage,
in order to summon
photon Caesar!
When I use photon
Caesar to xyz summon,
it counts as two monsters!
I'm going to overlay galaxy-Eyes
with my two photon caesars!
This monster trio is just
what I need to build
the overlay network!
I xyz summon Neo
galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
That Dragon got
a major makeover!
I activate neo
galaxy-Eyes special ability!
Photon howling!
Whenever galaxy-Eyes is used
to summon neo galaxy-Eyes, the
special abilities of all the
other monsters get negated.
That means...
it'll be Harder to destroy!
It didn't even need to use an
overlay unit for that move!
But it will use one for
its second special ability!
By Using One overlay Unit, neo
galaxy-Eyes absorbs all the
other overlay units
on the field!
For Every unit absorbed,
neo gains 500 attack
points this turn.
Plus it gets an extra attack
for each absorbed Overlay unit!
That's 6,000 points!
And it can keep
attacking us too!
Neo galaxy-Eyes photon
Dragon, prepare to attack!
Blast machu mech with Ultimate
photon stream of destruction!
Trey, no!
Now, I'm gonna take
you down, quattro.
Neo galaxy-Eyes,
attack!